1. What is static in java ?
    In java to execute anything, it should allocated with memory.
    => Here, To execute main method it should allocated with memory.
       To allocate memory we need to create object
       To create object we need to create class again for that we need memory.
       we fell into end less loop, To over come this java given an keyword static by using this we can create memory without creation of an object.

1. What is static in Java?

    In Java, members marked as static belong to the class, not to an individual object.

    Normally, to access a method or variable, an object of the class must be created.
    However, the main method must run before any object is created.

    If main were not static, Java would need an object to call it.
    To create that object, the class would need to be loaded first, which would again require executing code — leading to a logical dependency problem.

    To avoid this, Java provides the static keyword.

    A static method:

    Is loaded into memory when the class is loaded

    Can be accessed without creating an object

    Is shared by all objects of the class

    That’s why the main method is declared as static.

   Note:- one more important feature is SHARED MEMORY.

2.How java allocate memory ?
    In JVM .java file compiles and convert into class file and it goes through cretain process.
     => class Loader
            * In this it goes through some steps like intiliazation , linking etc
     => Memory Management
     => Execution engine

     If our execution engine need to work
        before that our memory need to be created.

     In Class Loader it will identify the static fills and it will allocate memory.

     In our operating system memory, A JVM memory has been created in that we have some section to manage the memory.
      1.Method Area 2.Heap Memory 3.Stack Area 4.PC Registers 5.Native Method Stack

  when class is load in class loader it identify the static variable in a class and per class it creates a block in method Area in
  that block it store the static variable.

  But when we create object for every object it creates a block in heap memory.
  After memory allocation our execution engine access the variable from specific area and
  uses it.



