Agenda

	* What is an interface ?
		An interface is a blueprint of a class.
		same like business document || it is like a guideline

		In interface what need to do will be there but not how to do
		ex:- add method will be there but not the addition logic

	* When to use & how to use interfaces ?
		when means
			To create a business document. we use

	* How to create and implement an interface ?
	* Can we provide implementation within interface ?
		Yes, we can do  After Java 1.8
	* Different access modifiers and keywords used in interface ?
		public, private, default  -> access modifiers
		static -> keyword
	* How the interface changed over the different versions of java ?


Note :- class is a implementer for the interface.
		Just Defined or in implemented methods are known as abstract methods.

		Until Java 1.7 we should provide only what to do in interface not how to do

		In Java 1.8 They provide both what to do and how to do
			because Java introduced some features like java streams and in collections or collection framework
			they want to introduce some new feature and old features should not disturbed so they added they feature.

Example :- In our DairyFarm Interface i want to introduce new rule (method)
			It makes a disturbance in business of Amul and Nadhan
			To overcome this they introduces make implement also.
			you can do using default or static method
			same thing goes with collection framework like List, ArrayList etc.

	Note :- In interface if you don't give any access modifier it consider as a public
			To make make method default you need to use keyword default


	Note:- 1. @Override key is used that shows implementing the method which is implement in interface.
		   2.

	Note:- default method can be override by  implement class but not static
			static method we can directly implement in implement class || subclass

			we can call static Interface method directly using Interface name
			like DairyFarm.security

			In DairyFarm you cannot call non-satic method in static method due to memory allocation reason.

	Note:-  In Java 1.9 they introduce the private method also to increase the code reusability.
			we are creating default methods to make some date private we start using private access modifier

			if we wan to call private methods in static, they introduce static to the private so we can call in static method also
